WIKIPEDIA:
I still like this site for the same reasons that I mentioned before. However, after learning how to design webpages, I have come to have a new
appreciation for minimalist, simplistic design. After going through this class, I now know how out-of-hand webpage design can get. So, I now
like Wikipedia's design much more, whereas I previously criticized it. 

YOUTUBE:
Like with Wikipedia, after getting some experience myself I now have even more appreciation for website designs like Youtube. However, my
main complaint with Youtube before was that it had some very annoying bugs, which are still present. So, not much has changed with my opinion
of this site.

TWITCH:
I didn't have many complaints about this site initially. My main issues were with some of the layout decisions that they'd made at the time. 
Interestingly, it seems like those layout changes that bugged me have been reverted. Upon looking at the site now though, I do notice some cool
small features that I like that I probably wouldn't have noticed before.

REDDIT:
After obtaining some design experience, there are now certain design characteristics of this site that I've noticed that I don't like, such as
they way replies to comments are formatted. While I do still like the site, I feel like there are easy changes that could be made to some
features on it that would make this site more appealing.

AMAZON:
My opinion of Amazon hasn't changed much. I still really like the site and its layout. My main complaint from before was that it didn't take
PayPal, and to my knowledge, it still doesn't. Apparently, this is because of competition-based reasons, but I still would like to see them accept
PayPal.

MY WEBSITES:
Overall, the criteria I used to judge websites at the start of the term were layout and ease-of-use. What I liked, and what I still like, are websites
that have a simple layout and are simple to navigate and use. That being said, I do not like my assignment for assignments 1-3, the travel-
based one. I think that the design is very ugly and nothing blends very well together. Even though it is only a single webpage, I'd imagine
navigating a multi-page site that looks like that would be terrible. However, I do really like my Javascript demo site for assignment 4. I think
that it has a clean, though not the prettiest, layout and I think that it's easy to use, as all of the features are activated by very noticable
buttons. I also like the clean, simple layout of my animations webpage. I can't really say that I liked my site for assignment 5, as there was
almost nothing displayed, but that was because the topic of assignment 5 was server-side scripting, not design.